Improve usage docs (#88)
timescale/tobs: docs/cli-usage.md

  install      Alias for helm install
  metrics      Subcommand for metrics operations
  port-forward Port-forwards TimescaleDB, Grafana, and Prometheus to localhost
  prometheus   Subcommand for Prometheus operations
  promlens     Subcommand for Grafana operations
  timescaledb  Subcommand for TimescaleDB operations
  uninstall    Alias for helm uninstall

Flags:
      --config string      config file (default is $HOME/.tobs.yaml)
  -h, --help               help for tobs
  -n, --name string        Helm release name (default "tobs")
      --namespace string   Kubernetes namespace (default "default")

Use "tobs [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

### Deploying monitoring stack

`tobs install`

This will successfully deploy all the above listed components to your k8s cluster.

You can use `--name` flag to set helm release name default name is `tobs`, `--namespace` flag to deploy observability stack in namespace of your choice default is set to `default` namespace, `--chart-reference` flag to use helm chart of your choice default is set to `timescale/tobs`, `--filename` to use values.yml file of your choice with helm chart.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add a sentance here that tells people that the values.yml file is what they would use with manual helm deployes and where and how they can generate the default file

Author: The default file exists in `chart/values.yaml` right? I am not sure how can one generate values.yaml file?

> ### Actions for Grafana:

Reviewer: I would put Grafana at the bottom

> tobs CLI offers a grafana cmd to interact with grafana with ease. Actions such as get grafana instance password, change grafana instance password and port forwarding to locally interact with grafana. Usually to perform these actions we need view grafana secret & decode it from base64 and changing password needs secret updation. All this actions will be performed by tobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tobs CLI offers a grafana cmd to interact with grafana with ease. 
Actions such as: get grafana instance password, change grafana instance password and port forwarding to locally interact with grafana. 
Usually to perform these actions we need to view the grafana K8s Secret & decode it from base64 and changing password needs Secret modification. All these actions will be performed by tobs.
```

#### get grafana password:

```
tobs grafana get-password
```

#### change grafana password:

```
tobs grafana change-password <PASSWORD>
```

#### port forward grafana

By default this will port-forward to port `8080` of your local machine. Use `--port` flag to port-forward to port of your choice. 

```
tobs grafana port-forward
```

Acessing `localhost:8080` will have pre-built dashbaords for kubernetes monitoring. i.e

> <img src="https://i.imgur.com/x81brpV.png" width="800" height="350" />

Reviewer: We should upload the photos to be part of the repo

#### port forward promlens

```
tobs promlens port-forward
```

### Actions for TimescaleDB

This helps to perform timescaleDB operations such as get password for specific user using `--user` flag, change password for specific database and user using `--dbname` & `--user` flags, connect to psql prompt, and port-forward to localhost.

By default tobs CLI uses DB & USER as `postgres`

#### get password

Use `--user` flag to get password for specifc user.

```
tobs timescaledb get-password
```

#### change password

Use `--user` & `--dbname` flags to change password for specific user and database.

```
tobs timescaledb change-password
```

#### connect to psql prompt

Opens up an interactive psql shell to query timescaledb.

Use `master` flag to connect with master node and `--user` flag to connect to db using specifc user.

```
tobs timescaledb connect
```

#### port forward timescaledb

By default this will port-forward to port `5432` of your local machine. Use `--port` flag to port-forward to port of your choice. 

```
tobs timescaledb port-forward
```

> ### Actions for Volume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Actions for Volumes
```
